Updated Saved Messages (#5252)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/saving-messages.rst

Viewing Saved Messages
----------------------

> To view a list of **Saved Posts** for your current team, select the **Save** icon at the top of the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view a list of saved posts for your current team, select the **Saved posts** icon in the Global Header. In Mattermost versions up to 5.39, the **Saved posts** icon is located at the top of the channel.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we necessarily need a tabbed section for this.
